Remove qjobs instance group label (#711)
cloudfoundry-incubator/cf-operator: docs/testing.md

kubectl get mutatingwebhookconfiguration -oname | xargs -n 1 kubectl delete
```

### In KinD

The following steps are necessary to have a proper environment setup, where all types of tests can be executed:

> 1. Install `KinD`

Reviewer: Could we have a command or a link to install kind?

Follow the instructions from https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kind/

2. Start cluster

    ```bash
    kind create cluster --image kindest/node:v1.15.6
    ```

3. Export the `CF_OPERATOR_WEBHOOK_SERVICE_HOST` env variable

    Use the IP of the docker bridge or your public IP. Firewall rules may interfere.

4. Export the `OPERATOR_TEST_STORAGE_CLASS` env variable

    ```bash
    export OPERATOR_TEST_STORAGE_CLASS=standard
    ```

    _**Note**_: Required for the PVC tests.

5. Build the `cf-operator` docker image

    First set the version to something static, not dependant on git:

    ```bash
    export DOCKER_IMAGE_TAG=${DOCKER_IMAGE_TAG:-dev}
    ```

    ```bash
    bin/build-image
    ```

    Or if you have local changes and use `go mod edit --replace`,
    follow instructions from [development](development.md#standalone-components).

6. Load image into KinD

    ```
    kind load docker-image cfcontainerization/cf-operator:$DOCKER_IMAGE_TAG
    ```

> 7. Export QuarksJob Dependency

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
7. Export QuarksJob dependency
```

    ```
    export QUARKS_JOB_IMAGE_TAG=${QUARKS_JOB_IMAGE_TAG:-dev}
    ```

>     If using a locally build quarks-job image, it might be necessary to load it to,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    If using a locally built quarks-job image, it might be necessary to load it, too,
```
